me
Talk about Honda Bigger Sports
Luxury car is good
From Honda Verno
ember bigger
What this car aimed at was full of stimulation that no seniors have ever had
Running and beauty are also considerable
For this reason, we have been polishing ever since without being stuck to the conventional concept
Nausea based on the advanced F-eh technology
The power and power of ff 8 ship vertically placed prayer new development
Driver 6 c 2 has brought a pleasant run to make you happy
Mashpapo form full of a sense of play that is even more powerful and dignified
Also how far the nature of the personal interior to realize cars equipped with either genuine elegant luxury
Stuck
Bedding rich and hard
I am full of a sense of specialty
Home vegan difference
Define a new direction that all bets over door hard top specialty of this car now
To do
The home is running to realize the ideal high-end compact car, and in various aspects such as residential economy
Has very high quality
Challenge new direction with ffo formula
First of all , high performance and smooth engine feel were realized in the previous year
Newly developed inline 5 cylinders
High efficiency, lightweight and compact high power unit
And to pursue photosynthesis due to the degree of freedom up of design to suppress the engine vibration transmitted to the body
In response to make your prayer the engine layout in the middle
Than before forests axle the center of gravity of the engine and transmission at the same time
A striking layout to set the way
f Midship broadcast
Ideal weight hive for advanced ff cars
Achieved 60 to 40 and brought a pleasant driving feel
It 's a job to hear the shield and ff midship
4 p layout becomes difficult レ イ ア ウ ト エ ン ジ ン engine Chomi design ng ぷ に ょ
Phosphorus
Realizing high overall rigidity
Adopts a self-propelled mechanism called crankcase penetrating drive shaft
Report to the garden
f This midship-enabled bill placement and drive through the crankcase
The ideal weight hype as a senior ff vehicles by the new idea of shaft
Achieves a force of 10 to 40 Sharp maneuverability while giving sufficient drive power to the front tire
And it delivers the turning performance
Hmm
The new development is constructed by requisitioned the Honda engine technology is another series 5-cylinder engine ff
We are aiming for a lightweight, compact, high-rigidity search in the midship search .
In addition, it settles down by making it incline 35 degrees- Bonnet or with a letter
At the same time enables a straight and efficient intake and exhaust system
Power unit developed by Honda for the Bigger
One realize smoothness and quietness of the if multi-cylinder engine
Inline 5- cylinder 2.0 liter hyper 20 valve engine
Long supply and exhaust efficiency optimum milking high torque
It is a new generation engine that realized high output
of
Thoroughly lightened, compact and highly rigid
All aluminum cylinder prop
The valve layout drives four valves with one camshaft and also center plug
Combined method
Honda single run system
Configuration you have to balance the other Iehaha lightweight and compact
Also equipped with electronic fuel injection system bgm fi of the West War criminal, which is also used in this second proposal
In addition , it cancels the part due to the one-time aerodynamic force generated in the rotational direction of the crankshaft.
Equipped with a balancer
The vibration was canceled by reverse rotation at the same rotation speed as the crankshaft
We realize low vibration and high quietness
Newly developed in-line five-cylinder engine is a top-class power as a 2 liter naturally aspirated engine
Achieve performance
不 不 不 不 不 不 不 不 不
Over the entire region to the high speed region from the good and the low speed range of the response of the naturally aspirated engine unique
High-quality power feel responds to human sensitivity comfortably
Create a pleasant world of driving
From low rotation to high rotation for bigger
The newly developed disturbing the high torque characteristics over the entire
Adopts bulge stage control intake manifold
This variable intake system was attached to the secondary port
By changing the thickness of the port by opening and closing the shutter valve, pan-effect and resonance
Maximize the effect
Masu Tei
Incorporate the superior portion of each torque characteristic of all pages before the pulp last time
Meet the rich big torque in the whole area
I am
Tei was
Oh
Furthermore, the exhaust efficiency is maximized
Exhaust interference has been made possible to increase power by
Lightweight stainless steel 531 exhaust manifolds the site
Excellent intake and exhaust system achieves high output and high fuel efficiency in the entire area